RI brownfield considerations (#278)
Azure/Mission-Critical-Online: docs/reference-implementation/Brownfield-Considerations.md

# Brownfield scenario considerations

> While the Azure Mission-Critical online reference implementation is considered to be deployed mostly as part of Proof-of-Concept deployments into empty Azure subscription(s) does it still provide a toolbox of valuable artifacts for brownfield scenarios. This document contains the main considerations of how the online reference implementation can be deployed into existing environments.

Reviewer: I would probably not state it like this regarding "this is mostly just for PoC". Sounds like it is not production-ready - which it is (mostly...)

Author: happy to rephrase/optimize it - just wanted to start with something

Author: Outdated.

# Brownfield scenario considerations

While the Azure Mission-Critical online reference implementation is considered to be deployed mostly as part of Proof-of-Concept deployments into empty Azure subscription(s) does it still provide a toolbox of valuable artifacts for brownfield scenarios. This document contains the main considerations of how the online reference implementation can be deployed into existing environments.

## Existing networking infrastructure

The online reference implementation comes with its own virtual network and subnets. It is supposed to be deployed fully independently of any existing infrastructure. For environments with existing networking infrastructure or requirements for connectivity to existing services either on-premises or in another virtual network it is recommended to use the [Azure Mission-Critical - Connected](https://github.com/Azure/Mission-Critical-Connected/) reference implementation.

## Existing container registry

> This reference implementation comes with its on Azure Container Registry, deployed as part of the global services and replicated to each of the regional deployment stamp locations, to host container images (for the sample catalog workload) build and pushed as part of the overall deployment pipelines. This is done to keep the external dependencies of a Proof-of-Concept deployment as minimal as possible and it also allows us to deploy the whole solution end-to-end as part of the E2E deployment pipeline. In production environments it is often times required to use an already existing container registry.

Reviewer: I would still argue that an AlwaysOn deployment should deploy its own container registry. It is an important part and we dont want to give control of that to somebody else. I would rather go for the approach:
"Often the images to be deployed already exist in a different container registry. In that case we will import them as part of the pipeline into our own."

This solves couple of issues:
- We dont care how HA that external registry is and which region it is deployed to. It is now only a build-time dependency for us
- We dont need to give our clusters permissions to these registries. Only our deployment SP needs read access to copy

Author: I've already factored that in and am trying to guide the decision into that direction. I still think it makes sense to include the scenario. I'll rework that section again to make that clear. We've to check the other docs to make sure that this is aligned and reflected with what we've documented outside of the RI repos.

Importing the images (instead of building images) is a good idea i haven't thought about yet.

Author: Done

# Brownfield scenario considerations

> While the initial usage of the Azure Mission-Critical reference implementation often times include deploying it into empty Azure subscription(s) aka greenfields, is it not limited to that. This guide describes some of the most common scenarios when deploying the Azure Mission-Critical reference implementation into existing environments aka brownfield scenarios.

Author: It does not. What about:

```suggestion
While the initial usage of the Azure Mission-Critical reference implementation often times include deploying it into a green field environment, is it not limited to that. This guide describes some of the most common scenarios when deploying the Azure Mission-Critical reference implementation into existing environments aka brownfield scenarios.
```

## Existing networking infrastructure

The Azure Mission-Critical online reference implementation maintains its own virtual networks and subnets. It is supposed to be deployed fully independent of any existing infrastructure. For environments with existing networking infrastructure or requirements for connectivity to existing services either on-premises or in another virtual network, it is required to use the [Azure Mission-Critical - Connected](https://github.com/Azure/Mission-Critical-Connected/) reference implementation.

> Considerations when using existing networking infrastructure:

Reviewer: question whether we need this part here at all? Or is it just enough to point people to -Connected?

Author: Yes, let's keep the intro and drop the considerations.

Author: Dropped.

- Prefer using individual virtual networks and subnets for each solution rather than existing, shared ones. If interconnection is required evaluate the use of Virtual Network Peerings or Private Endpoints. This is recommended to avoid potential issues due to changes made to the shared infrastructure, noisy neighbor scenarios etc.

> - For shared networks do upfront planning to avoid overlapping IP address ranges or exhaustion.

Author: @hjscherer what do you mean? What's meant with "shared" is using a virtual network that was created outside of MC. I think this is important to note here that one should not use existing vnets and in case its required for valid reasons refer to the connected RI.

> - For shared networks do upfront planning to avoid overlapping IP address ranges or exhaustion.

Author: Or are you looking for something a bit more like this:

> The Azure Mission-Critical online reference implementation deploys and uses its own virtual networks and subnets. It is supposed to be deployed fully independent of any existing infrastructure. For environments with existing networking infrastructure or requirements for connectivity to existing services either on-premises or in another virtual network, it is required to use the [Azure Mission-Critical - Connected](https://github.com/Azure/Mission-Critical-Connected/) reference implementation.<br />
>Potential use cases that might require using existing infrastructure are:
>- Connectivity from/to on-premises systems via Express Route or VPN
>- Connectivity from/to other Virtual Networks and Subnets via Virtual Network Peering
>- Mandatory use of pre-provisioned Virtual Networks and Subnets

> - For shared networks do upfront planning to avoid overlapping IP address ranges or exhaustion.

Author: Removed.

In brownfield environments it is often times considered to use an already existing central container registry for some or all container images. When a central container registry is used following considerations should be taken into account:

- The container registry should be configured to replicate the images to the regional deployment stamp locations. The availability and performance of the registry can limit the overall deployments availability.
- The compute platform used to host containers (AKS, AppServices, ..) needs to be configured to use the container registry and have permissions for pulling images. Otherwise `ImagePullSecrets` need to be specified.
- The build/push process for container images is currently embedded into the deployment pipelines. This can be changed and separated into individual pipelines. The deployment pipeline then needs to refer to the container registry hosting the images and pointing to the right image version (using `latest` is not recommended).
- Helm charts are currently applied from the git repository. These charts can also be pushed to a container registry and pulled from there.

> Reasons for a dedicated container registries per environment are:

Reviewer 2: Should this turned into a recommendation? (move the **Important** remark up and only focus on it)

Reviewer: agree, I think we can shorten this section and just make it a clear recommendation:
"your company might use a common/shared container registry into which application teams push their images. Thats all good and fine. Keep doing that.
But: For your MC workload, still deploy your own ACR for reasons a,b,c and import the images from that shared CR during the deployment"
